[virtualization] Document updates of VM spec (#4184)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/490-virtualization/docs/FAQ.md

title: "The virtualization module: FAQ"
---

## How to apply changes to the virtual machine spec?

Currently, changes to the VM specification are not applied to running instances automatically.
To apply the changes, delete the running VM instance:

```bash
kubectl delete virtualmachineinstance <vmName>
```

> The newly created VM instance will include all the latest changes from the VirtualMachine spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newly created VM instance will include all the latest changes from the [VirtualMachine](cr.html#virtualmachine) custom resource.
```
